Also give to the same unique
Impossible, it must be fake
There is only one sword of the ocean in the world
It's priceless.
Humph
He can't take out the poor sample like him at all
Long Shao is right
8 years ago, he was a dog who broke the house
You look like this first
You are no better than a beggar
Your mother is a counterfeit trying to deceive me
You dream
Xiao Chen
Auntie, I was really down and out 8 years ago
But this moment is not the other moment
This heart of the ocean is real
Let alone 8 years
Just give you 800 years
You're still a bed bug that can't turn over
I'll tell you what.
There is only one possibility that this heart of the ocean is real
That means you are dreaming
Hahaha
This kind of garbage is like throwing it in the trash can.
Just like you, it's a love thing
Look what's smashed here, of course I know
I'm just a piece of crap
Humph what baby
Crap like this shines when it breaks
Hey, this can't be a harmful substance, can it?
Then you must not have radiation.
How else would he shine?
Xiao Chen, you are really hiding disaster money, you
That's possible.
This bastard can't see the snow yet
I will try my best to see more of Qingxue if I give a fake one.
That just means he wants to pretend to be you
But now send this harmful substance.
Only pigs and dogs and my chef can make it
Although our Liu family is small, we have no room for animals
Get out of here now
What are you arguing about?
Ouch, it's obvious
Not coming, come
Let me introduce you to
This is the most powerful jewelry master in Yuncheng
Master Yun Hua Yun
Hahaha master will not grow up
Shaoyang, the Phantom Dream necklace you bought from me.
I'm here especially for you couples
Send blessings and gifts
Hahaha thank you master
It's really our pleasure that you're here.
We were just there.
Catch a beggar, this trash wants
Wan Jin is coming to our house
That's unfortunate.
In fact, get rid of him quickly
Master Yun is here to entertain you well
Here it is.